Come a little closer and lend me your
ears.
Don't worry,
you keep yours while I keep mine.
In each episode,
we'll dig into the major stories,
uncover the truth and retrieve gems from
Yarda's blog.
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
Right then,
coming to you with another episode of the
Yada's Vlog on a Blog.
Tomorrow's news, disseminated today.
Let's dive in.
Wookie had the opportunity to see himself
introducing the show.
And I know this is not the vlog
on the blog.
We're actually continuing with our series
on the last word picture.
But the new Wookie introduction is so fun
that we did want to play it.
And Wookie was up here right on the
desk, ready to co-host,
saw himself delivering that intro.
to get up close and personal with that
uh handsome dog particularly the one in
the on the blue suit uh so it
is with a big smile that we bring
you the Yahowah vlog this is wookie i
am yada uh we are the hosts of
your show uh in the uh the last
statement we're dealing with the hundred
and sixteenth Mizmowr it is a delightful
uh story uh so that you have an
idea as to what it uh all represents
represents.
Okay, you can sit back down now there,
Wookie.
That's okay.
That's okay, bud.
Just sit right down.
Right down.
There you go.
Good boy.
Okay, good boy.
So that you know what it represents.
Dowd,
who I admire probably more than anyone in
the last...
two thousand years, certainly.
I recognize that he had the weight of
the world on his shoulders.
It's the toughest job in the world to
speak for Yahowah, to represent him,
and to do so in the presence of
his people,
who have a tendency to be very difficult
to be around,
as we learned from the Exodus,
where Moshe got so fed up with them
that just three days out of Choreb,
he said, God,
you've
you might as well just kill me.
No one can do this job.
If you have any respect for me at
all,
you'll not have me continue to do this.
This job cannot be done.
And Dowd managed to hang in there longer
even than
Then Moshe did.
Moshe was three days out of Choreb,
although he did finish the job over the
over forty years.
To some extent,
he mailed some of it in.
But and he just got them to the
promised land and not into it.
As it relates to Dowd, he had.
Really, forty-eight pretty good years.
He started at eight years old,
and it was fifty-six before he had his
complete crash and burn.
And what we read after his fiasco with
Bathsheba and the elimination of the Light
of Yah,
which is the man that he had killed,
her husband, Uriah,
that Dowd became angry that God was
judgmental of him,
that God
disassociated to a large extent.
They were not on speaking terms.
And rather than accept that he had been
wrong and learn from it,
we all make mistakes.
We all are wrong at times.
We all stumble and fall.
And rather than Dowd getting back up and
recognizing that he could learn from this
experience and grow from it, Dowd didn't.
He lashed out at God.
And we had to go through the horrible
experience
that Dowd had toward Yahowah in the
immediate aftermath of his blunder,
which is recorded in the fifty-first
Mashal, not Mashal,
but of Mizmowr or Psalm.
And it's horrendous.
And we dealt with it.
We didn't want to, but nonetheless,
it's an important story to tell.
And it is Dowd's feelings in this regard
that really set up
both Judaism and Christianity.
Had he not done so,
it would have been impossible for anyone
to steal Dowd's title as the Messiah and
son of God, as our savior,
as the returning king.
And to give it to, well,
You know, in Christianity,
it was stolen and given to the mythical
Jesus.
And in Judaism,
it was stolen and given to the warlord
Bar Kokhba.
And that would never have happened,
could not have happened,
had Dowd not fallen so precipitously and
then wallowed in his own shame.
And what we learned is that a number
of things.
First of all,
It was assumed but not stated that Dowd
could not have served as the Passover
lamb,
even though they don't have their
Jesus-fulfilling Passover,
because he was not perfect,
particularly because of the horrible
failures associated with the Bathsheba
affair.
But one of the things that we have
learned,
and it's exceedingly important if you're
going to have a relationship with God,
is that he's not looking for perfect.
He knows that there's no such thing as
perfect.
There's never been a perfect animal.
Even his actions over the past have been
imperfect at times.
And that the reason God does not want
and not looking for perfect is first,
it's impossible.
And second, it is undesirable.
If we were perfect,
we would be indistinguishable.
We would be boring.
We'd have no character.
We'd have no ability to learn.
We'd have nothing that we could offer.
We'd have no way of proving our worth.
We could not grow.
And so it would be actually
counterproductive to be perfect.
God's not looking for that.
He is looking for, are you observant?
In other words,
do you closely examine and carefully
consider what he has to say and what
appears all around us so that ultimately
you would be a good travel companion going
through the universe with God.
Second of all, are you responsive?
Are you willing to engage?
Are you willing to make a relationship
with God?
You're not someone who is expecting
entitlements.
You don't expect God to do everything and
you have to do nothing like the nature
of...
Christianity, or in the case of Judaism,
it's just the opposite.
People do everything and God does nothing.
But in these opposites,
you're not either of those two.
You're willing to listen to God,
pay attention to what he has to say,
and then respond,
contributing to the relationship,
making everything better by your response.
And number four is the most interesting of
all.
God wants us to demonstrate that we are
reliable,
that we
can be trusted he wants to remove us
from these physical bodies from the
restraints of these bodies so that we can
go off and explore the universe with him
so that we can enter the seventh dimension
and be with him so that the gap
between who we are and who he is
is narrowed with uh us being raised up
to his level and
He can't do that responsibly.
He shouldn't do that until such time as
we demonstrate that we can be trusted with
all of that increased power and knowledge
and capability.
And so with Dowd,
God came up with a very interesting way
of resolving this dispute between the two
of them,
where Dowd had not just fallen and made
a mess of things,
but had lashed out at God,
blaming God for this situation.
Dowd became Yisrael.
I became the same Yisrael that we
witnessed during the Exodus,
the same Yisrael that we witness today.
He became Yisrael.
belligerent and antagonistic towards God.
And what Dowd demonstrates by the way that
God resolved this problem is that it can
be resolved.
So there is hope for Yahuwdym and for
Yisrael now because God resolved this
problem with Dowd.
And he did so in a most fascinating
way.
It's something that, again,
we have just begun to explore because it
is so fascinating.
Well,
it's the last thing you would actually
expect, I suppose,
even though it's been there all the time.
You know,
when you go back in time and you
realize that Enoch,
who was the first person,
his name is actually Chanowk,
it means that he is prepared and that
then he is deployed by God,
that's what his name means,
that
He uniquely appealed to Yahowah,
found Yahowah, engaged in a relationship,
demonstrated that he could meet those
three criteria that God was looking for.
Pay attention, respond, and be reliable.
And God took him for that purpose so
that he could redeploy him.
And redeploy him he has.
And by starting with someone that existed
very early on,
fifty-four hundred years ago,
God was able to reinsert him,
just taking his nephesh soul and Neshama,
conscience,
and reasserting that in a temporary Basar
body, using DNA to reconstruct the body.
Putting him in.
And so long as God started with him
early on, fifty four hundred years ago,
it's pretty early on.
And then I inserted him when need be
to keep his people and plan on track.
Then God could do so without interfering
with free will and without making such a
scene that he becomes undeniable.
It's the best of all worlds.
And God did that very thing.
with his beloved son, Dowd.
He walked away, as he must,
when Dowd became so contentious and
belligerent,
and rather than giving up on him,
which he could not do,
and without
ending the entire human experience.
There would have been no purpose in
creating mankind for creating this planet
to conducive to life for the entire human
experience,
for even sharing the Towrah and creating
the Mow'ed and the covenant, the Beryth.
It's all for naught if God couldn't
reestablish his relationship with Dowd.
And yet he wasn't talking to him just
as he's not talking to Israel.
So something had to happen.
God had to intervene in a way that
he could communicate with Dowd,
get his attention,
get the relationship restored,
and then ultimately Dowd's reputation
restored through someone.
since he wasn't going to do it himself.
And the same thing is true now with
Israel.
God's not talking directly to Israel,
hasn't talked directly to Israel since he
divorced himself and made that
pronouncement in the book of Howsha,
twenty seven hundred years ago.
So God's plan is that same soul that
was originally introduced to us as Chanowk
was reinserted here as the person known as
Obed-Edom.
I helped Dowd get the Ark of the
Covenant properly positioned on the Temple
Mount in Jerusalem.
And then as Dowd...
cascaded into his self-imposed exile from
God.
It was this man now under the name
Ethan ha 'Ezrachy.
And we will in due time explain exactly
who that individual is because God has a
great deal to tell us about him actually
and the role he played,
but he and his wife,
The Yahowah's Amah intervened on behalf of
Yahowah to bring his wayward son back to
him.
And the result of that is now emblazoned
in this, the hundred and sixteenth.
Mizmowr, our psalm.
So the next statement,
this was the last one that we shared
at the end of our concluding program on
this,
I think it was two days ago now.
And it reads, Yahowah,
that in itself is significant because in
the fifty first,
guess whose name is missing?
Yahowah.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, Dowd wouldn't even say it.
And here now that he's been subject to
this intervention,
Yahowah.
Yahowah observes watching over Shemar.
Now this is known because, well,
the intervention,
with Dowd came in two phases.
One is that Yahowah's ‘Amah,
his productive mother,
not Yahowah's productive mother,
but the person known as Yahowah's ‘Amah,
which means productive mother,
was deployed first.
She met with Dowd and sobered him up,
told him to get off the booze,
told him to start thinking with the big
head, not the little head.
She spoke to him as a mother would
speak to a son and she at least
got his attention.
And then God sent in the bull.
He sent in a highly judgmental individual
who came armed with the proper testimony.
He came armed with the ultimate hammer
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
It was specifically revealed in a
collaborative effort between Yahowah and
Ethan ha 'Ezrachy for the express
purpose of reestablishing the relationship
between Dowd and Yahowah and then
reestablishing Dowd's reputation with the
world today.
And in it,
one of the statements that is made is
that Yahowah shamar, Dowd,
that Yahowah keeps a watchful eye on Dowd,
that he never lets dote out of his
sight,
that he is focused upon his beloved son.
And so dote is...
reaffirming that he knows that to be true
now.
Yahowah observes, watching over,
keeps focused upon Shemar.
And he's saying now the open-minded and
the receptive,
because guess what happened to Dowd?
Dowd,
his mind was opened and he became
receptive to Yahowah again,
became amenable, approachable,
is what pathe means.
So, you know,
is observant and pays attention to,
is focused upon,
the open-minded and the receptive.
Now,
the beauty of this statement is it's not
entirely self-centered.
It's true that Dowd could be self-centered
and not be self-centered because, in fact,
it is Dowd returning to Yahowah that
enables the fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym that opens the doorway to
life,
takes our guilt deposited in the shield so
that we are now guiltless before God,
and then opens the door to the family
home of Yahowah through Bikuwrym.
uh so Dowd returning in this way is
uh selfless it's the most selfless act in
human history and it is for the benefit
of those who are open-minded and receptive
to what he has done to this very
report that we are providing uh to you
today um but it's also
of him because he became approachable
again, amenable again,
one who could be persuaded as to who
he was and what role he was going
to play in God's ultimate story.
And then he goes personally here, says,
I was barely hanging on by a thread
and I was in need.
I was fading away and therefore concerned
for me.
He, Yahowah, or he,
Ethan ha 'Ezrachy.
He saved me.
He liberated.
and spared me, helping me,
rescuing me from harm's way.
I've said this a lot of times,
and by the way, that's Psalm one, sixteen,
six, is that in Hebrew,
there is no distinction between an
uppercase letter and a lowercase letter.
It's only one case.
And therefore,
we do not know if the intent when
Dowd was speaking here was to say he,
as in Yahowah,
or he as in the one that Yahowah
sent to resolve this relationship,
to deliver the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
And from Yahowah's perspective,
and I think from Dowd's perspective,
didn't matter.
Didn't matter if you saw this as a
lowercase he,
as the person who delivered the message to
Dowd that,
saved him, that liberated and spared him,
that helped him,
that rescued him from harm's way,
from Yashayah, as Yashayah,
as his deliverer,
or if you see it as God speaking
through this man and therefore he is ,
what difference does it really make?
I mean,
Noah made a commitment that he was going
to work through people and speak through
them.
And Dowd was one of the people that
he would work through and speak through.
But at this moment,
Dowd wasn't listening to him.
So he had to have another person that
he could speak through and work through to
get Dowd's attention and to save him from
himself.
No,
God's the operative actor that makes this
possible.
but he's also working through a tangible,
very real person.
So I think that it doesn't really matter
if it's the lowercase he as in Yahowah,
or he as in this man that delivered
the message of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
And by the way,
wrote a considerable amount of it.
And I've spent now five days tracking down
why uh Ethan ha 'Ezrachy delve into
a combination of statements very early on
in this by telling us that there would
be a man from the sea a man
from the west who would be elevated by
Yahowah
and deployed as surging waves,
even as stones within those waves,
to agitate the religious of Israel and
then to caress the land itself,
relentless in his pursuit of Israel,
who would ultimately be the one who brings
down the most nefarious of all people.
He is called Rahab.
And he is brought down by the final
Zarowa who was empowered for this purpose.
And we're gonna learn that Rahab is the
corporeal manifestation of a certain
individual of political prowess,
who we are told even with all the
promises he has made to Israel is exactly
as I have positioned him.
the great betrayer.
When Israel needs support,
he will betray Israel.
And the man who ultimately brings that
great betrayer to his knees is the final
Zarowa.
He is the author of the
Mizmowr, the Eighty-Ninth Psalm,
he's inspired by Yahowah,
the conveyor of many of Yahowah's
statements,
but he presents himself in that role
because it's important that Dowd
understand that the man speaking to him
that resolves this conflict between he and
Yahowah, he has skin in the game.
That he's the other man that will offer
his Basar body.
to be pummeled by the beast.
And that he does so to make it
possible for Dowd to return.
And that as someone who is nearly as
vital to God's ongoing story as is Dowd
himself,
he has earned the right to talk very
sternly,
but also exceedingly confidently and
credibly to the king.
to restore his reputation with Yahowah,
and then to restore his reputation with
his people.
And so that is how this extraordinary
event is being resolved.
So while the open-minded and the
receptive, you know,
comprise even today our target audience,
when it comes to the testimony of God,
They remain as rare as they were in
Dowd's day, and with Dowd's day,
there was one.
And yet apart from denouncing religion,
politics, and conspiracy, collectivism,
antisemitism, and militancy,
there is very little that we can do
to alter this equation to God's favor.
All of those who prefer
Robert.
Religion politics conspiracy collectivism
anti Semitism and militancy.
Robert.
Are automatically Robert.
Set apart from those who can process this
message.
They are the unreceptive when it comes to
God's favor.
Robert.
So,
We can learn the truth,
we can share it,
knowing that we and it will remain
unpopular and to the point of being
publicly crucified for conveying it.
That's important for you to know.
But the old adage,
and I think this is kind of fun,
that I'm hanging by a thread, well,
it was coined by Dowd.
And in this case, it was true.
If not for the intervention that
transpired recently,
to create this song out of the
eighty-ninth song,
revealing these results,
he would not have been liberated from the
worse aspects of his nature.
He would have remained as Israel is today,
and all hope for Israel's recovery would
have been lost.
And while it is becoming undeniably
obvious from the written record that Yahowah
has provided that the ‘Amah and her Baal
were inserted into this timeline to
rectify the gravest of all concerns,
these people would not have existed and
they would have made no difference had
Yahowah not conceived them, prepared them,
and then deployed them as needed.
But God did.
We did.
He did.
And the result is this pronouncement,
my nephesh soul,
my nephesh soul has decided to return and
has been restored to your home and restful
abode to recuperate.
Indeed,
It is true, Yahowah,
has weaned and raised you,
providing recompense through you.
So here we go.
Dowd now understands you need to rise
above the physicality of a body and all
of the desires of a body and concerns
over a body and recognize that your
calling is all
enmeshed in your nephesh soul.
That it's your nephesh soul that would be
reinserted, Dowd,
to serve
as the Passover lamb,
not your soul is going to die as
the Passover lamb,
it's the physical body that that soul
occupies that will be sacrificed as the
lamb opened the door to life,
that it is your nephesh soul that will
carry humankind's, at least the covenants,
guilt into Sheowl to deposit it there and
never to be seen again.
It's your nephesh soul that'll be released
from Sheowl,
encapsulated in the Ruwach and brought back
to your father in Shamaym.
That's where you are going to return.
That is why once you are restored,
that you can make this decision.
You can recover and resolve the problem of
all Israel and the covenant family as a
result of this.
And you can go and we can follow
to your restful home to recuperate.
Yes, indeed.
That's powerful.
That's life transforming.
So it is true that Yahowah has weaned
and raised you.
Now,
who do you think God's talking about here?
Would he say me if he was speaking
of me?
Providing recompense through you?
Who is Yahowah?
It's Dowd here.
So who's Dowd speaking of?
You have a couple of options.
And I think that the most intriguing of
those options and the most likely of those
options is exceedingly powerful.
It is, again, life altering,
planet altering.
Because Dowd,
that Yahowah has weaned and raised you,
providing recompense through you,
has expended considerable time and energy
to rear you.
You is feminine singular.
I think the answer is really quite simple.
What did he talk about in the previous
sentence?
His Nepesh sol.
Nepesh soul is what?
Feminine.
Doesn't make Dowd girly,
but it means that God is saving the
world through Dowd's nephesh.
And so when he says that,
that begins to speak of you, feminine,
singular,
he's saying through this one soul,
his soul, God's going to save the world.
That's how he's providing recompense,
through Pesach and Matsah,
leading to Bikuwrym.
Now, that being the case,
that is extraordinary.
So Dowd Shuwb, he returned to Yahowah,
as must every Yahuwd who wants to survive
the next seven years during the time of
Israel's troubles.
This realization would later be
articulated and explained through the
prophet Howsha.
For Yahowah to Shuwb, to return to Yisrael,
Yisrael must first Shuwb, return to Yahowah.
He's emphatic in this regard.
And you know, God doesn't change his mind.
He doesn't renege on something he has said
and promised.
So this is the prime directive.
It's the ultimate lesson.
It is as true for king as it
is for the pauper,
as true for the man who united Yisrael
as it is for the Yisrael that is
so disunited today.
As a result,
Dowd's nephesh soul would never die.
She, souls are feminine in Hebrew,
would spend all but four of the next
three millennia at home with Yahowah.
And since the king realizes that the
profound importance of this perspective on
his soul and what his soul is going
to accomplish,
he steps out of first person to address
the future of the world.
as a result of what his soul will
accomplish doing so in third person.
He knows that Yahowah raised his nephesh
for this purpose and that he will deploy
his nephesh soul to provide recompense and
redeem those who are open and receptive to
the covenant,
as well as to this man who brought
this message, the eighty-ninth covenant.
Mizmowr, to the very son of God,
our savior, saving the savior.
These, my friends,
are just words on the page,
but they open heaven's door.
No soul is central to our survival.
It would be and now has been his
nephesh,
who was dispatched and given a Basar body
to fulfill Pesach,
and then without it carried our guilt into
Sheowl, enveloped in Yahowah's Ruwach.
Dowd's nephesh,
protected by Yahowah's spirit,
was released then from Sheowl hell on
Bikuwrym,
returning to Shamaym as God's Bakowr,
firstborn son.
Yisrael, why can't you process that?
I know the rabbis can't.
I'm not expecting them.
In fact, I don't want them to.
But those of you who are not stained
and stigmatized,
stunted by rabbinical deceptions,
why can't you process that?
Shalowm.
After projecting all manner of
inappropriate mandates and moods on Yahowah
in his fifty-first Psalm.
Dowd is now celebrating the voice of the
cohortative,
now conveying a first-person expression of
volition.
He is speaking of his own decision,
revealing his choice to return and to
restore his relationship with Yahowah,
knowing that this will be the result.
of particular interest, in fact,
of monumental importance,
the king has evolved,
passed the fixation on bodies,
which was his problem previously,
both living ones and feminine ones and
dead ones and masculine ones.
He has matured to value his and other
nephesh souls, of course,
beginning with his own,
because without his own,
there is no hope for the nephesh of
others.
Now,
this is the lesson that we all have
to learn.
It's the lesson that destroys both
Christianity and Judaism,
as well as Islam.
In Christianity,
the solution is a resurrected body.
And Islam, it's all about resurrection.
resurrected bodies that are either
tortured or satiated with carnal desires
and in judaism they also believe in the
resurrected bodies of the dead Dowd now
realizes that's not the case he has had
this man whose soul has been put into
a physical body and delivered from heaven,
because he has been in Shamaym for a
considerable time at this point, some,
what, fourteen hundred years,
and brought to Dowd for this purpose.
All, in fact,
I think it would be twenty four hundred
years at this point.
Brought to Dowd for this purpose, saying,
pal, it's not this.
It's what's inside of you.
It's what animates it.
Your very essence of your life is your
Nepesh.
Start focusing on it because of what God
can do and will do with it.
And he would know.
He's a Nepesh.
Put in, pulled out, put back in.
to the ordinary flow of time in the
world of the limits of three D and,
you know, in those limits,
he would be good.
I'm going to know those physical bodies.
Can you hurry this up?
I don't want to be released of all
of that again,
because there's such an enormous
difference between the Liberty of seven
dimensions and our soul being enveloped in
in energy and light versus being
constrained here in three day with the
physical limits of a decaying body.
This is vital to our survival.
And it is such a departure from those
deplorable attitude and Mizmowr
I'm of the conclusion that our
intervention as surrogate parents
could not have occurred over the course of
a day,
but instead a considerable period of time.
The evidence is mounting that we were
deployed for at least eight years,
and I think that's a much longer time
than that.
I think it goes all the way back
to we arrived as a couple.
During the experience with Obed-Edom and
getting the Ark of the Covenant into
Jerusalem,
properly positioned as a lesson for Dowd
of what will also happen in the future
as the man from Edom will accomplish the
same thing prior to Dowd's return.
So I think it goes all the way
back to that point that he was able
to witness Dowd's gradual and then
precipitous decline and be prepared to
intervene.
at the right moment.
So I think that at the very,
very least,
he is now confronting Dowd during the last
four years of Dowd's first life.
And the initial four,
I think he would continue Solomon's reign.
Solomon was only twelve years old when he
took the throne.
And so he needed some surrogate parenting
for sure.
His mother was not helpful in this regard.
So all guiding him in the case of
Solomon,
he would have been there from twelve to
sixteen years of age in Solomon's presence
prior to that time as someone who was
he would have known tangentially by the
repositioning of the Ark of the Covenant.
And he obviously knew all about him
because he would write on him as the
inaccurate.
And when he gave his.
Sermon on the Mount,
that incredibly important speech in Second
Chronicles six.
So I think that Solomon was guided by
him from twelve to sixteen years of age
and up to the point of beginning the
construction of the home for Yahowah's
name.
Now, should this be the case, then Ethan,
the perpetually reoccurring and steadfast,
the constantly deployed and eternally
engaged,
the long established and perennially
unrelenting,
who is productive and everlasting as ha,
as rocky,
the ones springing up as a tree,
coming forth prepared and shining at the
time with logical expressions regarding
the sequence of events.
That's what Ethan ha 'Ezrachy means.
Delivering therefore the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr as it was conveyed, well,
that was conveyed through Yahowah's Nakar.
Now,
this would also explain why the Mashal
were written during this interval by a
father and mother.
a husband and wife,
and to their son on behalf of their
God.
Yes,
we will learn who actually wrote them.
So as a result, it reads this.
Yes, it's true.
You have at this moment in time.
undressed and removed, you have withdrawn,
you have rescued,
you have come through the process of
unclothing, if you will,
exposing my nephesh, from dying,
from the plague of death,
my eyes from tears,
and thus my feet from stumbling.
Nismore Song, Psalm, one, sixteen, eight.
Oh, so powerful, so accurate.
In the last word picture, Michelle,
the constant emphasis is on undressing
Dowd so that he could actually see who
he is to expose him to himself.
and then re-adorning him with the ultimate
seamstress,
the fashion coordinator for forevermore,
the ‘Amah,
who is called the greatest of women and
who is known as Ashar.
So he was undressed.
His clothes were removed.
The facade was gone,
leaving the soul of Dowd exposed.
But therefore,
We kept him from dying.
His eyes were flooded with tears.
There was nothing but sadness,
but we removed those too.
And therefore,
this was the means to keep the king
from stumbling.
Remember what we've said?
What God is looking for is that we,
when we stumble, can get back up.
That we, when we confront obstacles,
clear them out of the way.
When we are wrong, we learn from it.
When we cry, we learn to smile.
Rather than die, we live.
That's the message.
And sometimes the only way you can get
there is to be completely exposed so that
you see what's really important.
I was viciously attacked, as was my wife,
when we noted that in God bringing us
back to the conditions of Eden,
that's the purpose of Sukah,
that it's a return to Eden.
Now,
that's profound by itself to recognize
that that, six thousand years ago,
we were escorted out of Eden so that
we would have an opportunity to
demonstrate that we could meet the three
criterion that God had established for us,
and that recognizing that we were being
brought back to Eden, I brought up, well,
what was the dress code in Eden?
Nothing but a smile, right?
Now,
does that mean that everybody going
forward for the next thousand years is
going to be naked?
Probably not.
I think that most will be adorned in
the attire designed by my lovely wife,
who is a fashion designer.
But that's not what God meant when he
said that Adam and Chawah were naked and
they were not ashamed.
It means that prior to this whole event
and the unraveling of it,
that we can be exposed to God without
shame.
And this is what Dowd demonstrates when
Obed-Edom resolves the problem of getting
the Ark properly positioned on the Temple
Mount under the tent of the Restoring
Witness in Jerusalem, that Dowd realized,
I don't have to have that responsibility.
It's been taken from...
from me and is being carried out by
this man, Obed-Edom.
And therefore I can celebrate that result.
And what he did is he put on
the ephod,
the attire up here over his heart of
the high priest,
knowing that his function when he returned
as king, three thousand years later,
would be to anoint that mercy seat
on Kipurym,
which was the day he was going to
return,
as is required in the Towrah teaching,
for his restoration via the bull's blood
and for the restoration of Yisrael by the
goats, ElYah's and Yada's.
And he knew that at that time.
And he was coming to embrace why that
bull, therefore, the Adamah Parah,
was the symbol Yahowah was using to bring
the Ark of the Covenant into Jerusalem.
And to celebrate the fact that the result
of all of this is that we would
be allowed back into the earth,
restored to the conditions of Eden,
where the dress code was a smile,
He performed, he danced, celebrated,
he was joyous.
Eden means great joy.
Naked from the ephod down.
And when I shared that,
and what we had is there's a bunch
of just malcontent,
disgusting women that like to tear me and
my wife down who know better.
Their lives are miserable and they,
like all miserable, psychotic people,
get their jollies by tearing others down
to their level.
But they messed with the wrong person from
Yahowah's perspective.
And so this is the picture that Dowd
now has.
He now is putting this all together.
And he knows that he can dance without
stumbling.
that he can deal with the reality of
his people and the predicament that he has
created without tears in his eyes,
and that his soul will live to perform
all of these wonderful things,
including the recompense needed to open
the door to life and to resolve his
guilt and the guilt of every member so
that we can be part of Yahowah's eternal
family.
This is what he was celebrating.
Yeah, it was true to his word.
King Dowd,
the chosen son of God and the Messiah,
has never and will never die.
And while his nephesh soul would inhabit a
mortal Basar body on three occasions,
the soul placed within those bodies was
pronounced and made immortal.
This realization destroys the very
foundation of Christianity.
It undermines Judaism.
It is a reminder that if you are
among those who the spirit of Yahowah is
bequeathed upon and you remain true to
that calling,
then your soul is forever perceived as
being encapsulated in Yahowah's light and
energy.
It will never die.
It is the key to validating my discovery
proving that Dowd's soul was deployed in
his second of three lives to fulfill
Passover and un-yeasted bread in
thirty-three CE.
And that means that Jesus is nothing but
a God-forsaken myth, a horrible,
monstrous, fake God, and that Dowd,
he's our savior.
Now, speaking of vital discoveries,
Dowd has affirmed another.
It was only a few months ago that
I came to realize that the ultimate test
for mankind that was played out in the
garden and that Adam failed to meet as
Yahowah requested.
And that was that we have to do
the three things that Yahowah
God needs to witness in us for him
to surround our souls in light,
for him to enable us to soar beyond
the stars.
And that is that we must demonstrate
ourselves worthy.
We do so by one,
closely examining and carefully
considering the testimony he has provided.
Two,
by engaging,
responding accordingly so that we make a
contribution to the relationship and to
the world around us.
And three,
that we demonstrate that we are reliable
and that we can be trusted by correcting
our mistakes and learning from them and
getting back up so that we can keep
going when we stumble and fall.
In this regard,
the verb chalats was constrained in time
through the perfect conjugation.
This means that Dowd was undressed and
exposed so that his failures of his past
could be addressed and removed.
He was saying that he was
would never cry or stumble again,
that's not what he was conveying.
He was saying that this persistent crisis
that he was in right now where he
was constantly stumbling over himself and
precluding his vision by having his eyes
constantly welling up in tears,
which was his current situation,
that that had been resolved because it was
written in the perfect.
It was that was now solved.
And to some degree,
the idea of being chalats, undressed,
brings us right back to the last mashal,
where the ‘Amah was not only dressing down
her son,
but also adorning him for success going
forward.
One of the major themes,
if not the major theme,
of the last word picture.
To serve mankind on behalf of God,
we must be guided by one without being
influenced by the other.
It's true.
This is the message of the hipfial
stem.
If we are going to speak on behalf
of God and serve mankind,
then we have to be influenced by God
and not influenced by man.
That's rare.
And that's the message that is conveyed,
as I've said, by the hipfial stem.
It reveals that Dowd was now set apart
unto Yahowah,
making him apolitical and anti-religious.
And for this position,
he was prepared to carry out his next
two lives.
The text reads,
I will walk independently,
progressing through life unaffected by any
societal influence.
I will journey traveling and going about
life free of any outside pressure,
hit pile, imperfect, first person,
singular,
alongside the presence of Yahowah in the
land and on earth of those living more
than one life.
Ha-chayim.
Psalm, one, sixteen, nine.
Now when I tell people that Dowd fulfilled
Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE,
there are those who claim that that's
impossible because they think he died a
thousand years earlier,
even though God said he's never going to
die.
And yet, yeah, well, it was emphatic.
confirming that this would never befall
his son.
Moreover,
God is even more emphatic when affirming
that Dowd will return as king forevermore.
So since his nephesh soul is alive,
and since he is returning,
why is it so difficult for people to
accept that his soul will be placed in
three physical bodies over that span of
time?
rather than just two.
And multiple lives cannot be the issue
because, well,
they accept that Elijah lived two thousand
eight hundred and eighty years ago,
but is returning as one of the two
witnesses.
They know that Chanowk, Enoch,
walked with God and then was taken by
him.
For what purpose?
It's not only obvious,
but it's irrefutable that Dowd wrote in
first person how he himself would be
crucified.
Six hundred years before the torment was
invented and a thousand years before he
endured it.
If you don't think that's prophetic
confirmation, then what is?
Well, how about this?
In five, five, fifty five BCE,
Dowd was sent to Daniel to reveal the
exact day
that he as the Messiah would fulfill Chag
Matsah in thirty-three CE and provided
that prophecy for us.
And we have copies of Daniel going back
three hundred years prior to the
fulfillment.
Absolutely unequivocally proving that this
is true.
I suppose even more to the point.
Dowd is the Ets Chayym.
He is the tree of lives in the
garden.
And he is the one who opened the
door to life by fulfilling Passover.
Can you make the connection?
As such, when he returns as our king,
he will also be our savior.
This is precisely what the Amah and her
Baal
sought to reestablish through their
intervention and counsel at this time.
So in this next pronouncement,
we find Dowd becoming what he was railing
against in the fifty-first song.
Trustworthy and reliable.
He said that was impossible,
but now he knows it's possible.
This is what Yahowah needed to see
and his beloved son,
before deploying him in
year-four-thousand-Yah,
in advance of fulfilling the spring
Miqra'ey.
Now, previous to this,
we have seen how Dowd had afflicted
himself, becoming depressed.
In our council,
he became responsive again.
As a result,
Yahowah knew that he could trust Dowd.
his son,
sufficiently to enable the promises of the
Mowedym, during which he was ana,
afflicted,
so that we would not be burdened in
this manner.
At this time,
the king came to epitomize the full
expression of being ana,
responsive to God.
His life, therefore, becomes an exemplar,
a lesson for all of us.
I'll conclude this program here with Ms.
Moore, Song Song, one, sixteen, ten.
I became trustworthy and reliable.
I'm on.
I regained credibility and integrity,
establishing my
Self as dependable and enduring,
trustworthy and loyal.
Hipple perfect, first person singular.
As a result of communicating, qui ne part,
when I said,
I was terribly afflicted and I was
depressed and now I'm wholly responsive.
After having been anxious,
this was a na-ma-od.
After having been anxious and miserable,
dejected and humiliated,
I answered the call.
So I'm replying.
All perfect, first person, singular.
Mizmowr Song, Psalm, one, sixteen, ten.
Now again,
I would say mission accomplished.
Put up the banner.
The relationship and trust
needed have now been restored.
Dowd went from blaming God for his
mistakes to accepting responsibility and
to acknowledging that he had returned to
accountability.
This is all God ever wanted.
This is what he needs from all of
us.
Yes, the point would have been made
had I chosen one or two renderings of
Shafats rather than eighteen.
And I did,
I chose eighteen words to define it.
But since they all seem to apply,
I thought it was appropriate to cast a
wide net.
And I will share that with you because
it is profound.
You're going to see the maximum expression
as we delve into this in our next
program of amplification.
because of where Dowd had been and where
he now was as a result of this
intervention,
which came first through Yawazama and then
through the power of the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr.
Well, I thank you for listening.
That's something that I'm...
deeply vested into that I care enormously
about.
I feel like I am speaking to you
as one who is indeed fifty six hundred
years old, fifty four hundred years old,
I think is the more correct accounting and
as one who has played a significant role.
And not only making these words part of
Dowd's expression and his return to
Yahowah,
but also returning Dowd's credibility,
his reputation to his people at this time.
So, indeed, I thank you for listening.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.